Create `fields.md` on the documentation (#6072)
pydantic/pydantic: docs/usage/fields.md

> The `Field` class is used to define fields in models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Field` class is used to customize and add metadata to fields of models.
```

Author: I'll work on this file. I'll include this. 🙏

Reviewer 2: Not too late I'll add it to my next docs PR. Do you plan to add more suggestions?

Reviewer: No all good, I didn't have any more queued up I was just starting to review

The `Field` class is used to define fields in models.

> TODO: Refactor the `Field customization` section in the `json_schema.md`.

Reviewer 2: Assuming you want this PR merged before finishing this TODO, could you:
* add a note specifically saying to move documentation of `pydantic.fields.Field` here
* also mention that we should document all arguments to `Field` here, obviously that's closely related to the previous bullet — but not equivalent imo
* create a linear task for `usage/fields.md` and add it as a subtask of the `Review usage documentation` task

(The above bullets may or may not apply depending on how much work you want to put into this file before merging.)

Author: Hmm... Can't I just mention the 3 points that you said on the linear task? 🤔

Reviewer 2: yes, as long as it is tracked somewhere that people will be forced to acknowledge

## Alias fields

For validation and serialization, you can define an alias for a field.

There are three ways to define an alias:

* `Field(..., alias='foo')`
* `Field(..., validation_alias='foo')`
* `Field(..., serialization_alias='foo')`

> The `alias` parameter is used for both _validation_ and _serialization_. The `validation_alias` and `serialization_alias`
> parameters are used for _validation_ and _serialization_ respectively.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `alias` parameter is used for both validation _and_ serialization. If you want to use 
_different_ aliases for validation and serialization respectively, you can use the`validation_alias`
and `serialization_alias` parameters, which will apply only in their respective use cases.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: I think around this point I would add a little info callout talking about Intellisense in vscode and how it will use the value provided in `alias` for the `__init__` signature. Then I would say something to the effect of "if you set `populate_by_name=True` in the model config, and want to use the field name in the `__init__`, use `Field(alias=str(<alias value>))`.

I might also mention that at this time it is not possible for Intellisense to reflect the value of `validation_alias` in the `__init__`, but if desired you could get the modified init signature by replacing `Field(validation_alias='myValidationAlias')` with `Field(alias='myValidationAlias', serialization_alias='my_field_name')`.

Reviewer 2: For purposes of "flow", I can see how it might make sense to put such a callout at the end of this file rather than here.

But I feel this will be a fairly frequent point of frustration for users, so if possible I'd like to include it near the top to make it more likely for people to stumble upon it.
